docs: Add docs for GCP DHC (#5364)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/concepts/host-discovery/index.mdx

Azure and we will continue to grow this ecosystem to support additional providers.

> You can get started with dynamic host catalogs for AWS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Next steps
```

> [here](/boundary/tutorials/host-management/aws-host-catalogs),
>  for Azure [here](/boundary/tutorials/host-management/azure-host-catalogs)
>  and GCP [here](/boundary/tutorials/host-management/gcp-host-catalogs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To get started with dynamic host catalogs, refer to the following topics:

- [AWS dynamic host catalogs](/boundary/docs/concepts/host-discovery/aws)
- [Azure dynamic host catalogs](/boundary/docs/concepts/host-discovery/azure)
- [GCP dynamic host catalogs](/boundary/docs/concepts/host-discovery/gcp)
```

Reviewer: We won't have a tutorial yet for GCP when this is released, so I'm thinking we can add a **Next steps** heading above and refer users to the documentation topics instead. This is the format we have been using for our newer content.
